chore: [IOAPPX-485] Add some additional information to the `Design System` section of the README (#6732)
pagopa/io-app: README.md

### Frequently Asked Questions

#### Why is the app not optimized for high refresh rate devices (90-120 Hz and above)?

We're committed to providing a faster and more satisfying experience for our citizens, but because we didn't build the app using fully native APIs, this goal is not easy to achieve. For iOS, we have already enabled the full range of refresh rates by setting `CADisableMinimumFrameDurationOnPhone` to `true`, as recommended by Apple [in their documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/quartzcore/optimizing-promotion-refresh-rates-for-iphone-13-pro-and-ipad-pro).

The perception of slowness is mainly due to the navigation architecture, which is actually handled by the `react-navigation` library. Our internal testing has shown that there's a pretty obvious difference between the default `Stack` navigation and the `NativeStack`, which uses native APIs underneath. The latter is currently only enabled in the **Design System** section, which isn't accessible to everyone because it's only visible when developer mode is enabled.

#### Why is there no dark mode?

> We're actively working on a dark mode version of the app. This color mode will be available in the coming months and will be released as a beta first.

Reviewer: What do you think?
```suggestion
We're actively developing a dark mode for the app, which will be available in the coming months. The initial release will launch as a beta version, allowing users to explore and provide feedback before the full rollout
```

Author: @LeleDallas Not exact as you wrote it, but reworked as you suggested: https://github.com/pagopa/io-app/pull/6732/commits/32432a813baaf7d5dd420195e9e19b96298f6dd0
